bs ABC news shower
today's America ever so clean if
commodity and oh no do you need access
to the Beckett after you you don't go
what they must Kirara pinch - Scott's
money stuff free ABC News fat guy stupid
otavalo Jordan if accommodated tidier
mbuna mondaya thoughts type in us the
first evening with English subtitles a
pinch here a dash there and often a
whole lot more
one of KFC's new sandwiches has more
than half the sodium we're supposed to
eat all day and this chicken parm well
over the recommended daily amount so the
FDA is now considering creating
regulations not recommendations but
actual legal limits on the amount of
salt allowed in everything from soup to
nuts sodium in the American diet is a
very serious problem it's not that we're
heavy-handed with the salt shaker it's
been most of the salt we consume is
actually cooked into the foods we bought
so this is the amount of salt you're
supposed to have in a year and this is
the amount we actually end up consuming
50% more and most Americans don't even
realize it once more with Japanese
subtitles a pinch here a dash there and
often a whole lot more one of KFC's new
sandwiches has more than half the sodium
we're supposed to eat all day and this
chicken parm well over the recommended
daily amount so the FDA is now
considering creating regulations not
recommendations but actual legal limits
on the amount of salt allowed in
everything from soup to nuts sodium in
the American diet is a very serious
problem it's not that we're heavy-handed
with the salt shaker
it's been most of the salt we consume is
actually cooked into the foods we buy so
this is the amount of salt you're
supposed to have in a year and this is
the amount we actually end up consuming
50% more and most Americans don't even
realize it
and once again without subtitles a pinch
here a dash there and often a whole lot
more one of KFC's new sandwiches has
more than half the sodium we're supposed
to eat all day and this chicken parm
well over the recommended daily amount
so the FDA is now considering creating
regulations not recommendations but
actual legal limits on the amount of
salt allowed in everything from soup to
nuts sodium in the American diet is a
very serious problem it's not that we're
heavy-handed with the salt shaker it's
been most of the salt we consume is
actually cooked into the foods we bought
so this is the amount of salt you're
supposed to have in a year and this is
the amount we actually end up consuming
50% more and most Americans don't even
realize it boom gangnam-gu agawa pinch -
stop the mummy
stuffy a pinch here - they're considered
a stop tsunami a traditional food
diva Dora pinch - stop tsunami stuffy is
the demo who magnetometer another short
for Yui ABC news van so Quinn if
commodity endemicity
recommendation can't cope with even a
cou regulation saying a can tolerate a
little tightness calm kind of chilly
Wadhwa pinch - stops mommy stop it this
one last time with English subtitles a
pinch here a dash there and often a lot
more one of KFC's new sandwiches has
more than half the sodium we're supposed
to eat all day and this chicken parm
well over the recommended daily amount
so the FDA is now considering creating
regulations not recommendations but
actual legal limits on the amount of
salt allowed in everything soup to nuts
sodium in the American diet is a very
serious problem it's not that we're
heavy-handed with the salt shaker
it's been most of the salt we consume
actually cooked into the foods we buy so
this is the amount of salt you're
supposed to have in a year and this is
the amount we actually end up consuming
50% more and most Americans don't even
realize it